What are you doing here? I'm a writer
What's the matter dad
I want to ask
Last time you said our last genuine treasure
Angel Star
What's wrong?
Loved ones are untrustworthy
Not surnamed Su
The surname is Xiao, why are you suddenly asking this?
It's okay, just not surnamed Su
Although his surname is not Su
But his wife seems to be surnamed Su
What is it called Su Wanqiu?
Hello Wang Hao
What's your trouble?
Why do I seem to be in trouble?
Come to blind date, kill on blind date
I guess that's it.
What to ask for
Shen Wenhao, are you impatient?
How dare you hit Brother Xiao's wife?
I love I owe money now I know
It was his aunt who asked me to come
If I knew, I wouldn't dare to die
So what should I do now?
How do I know?
Shen Wenhao, I warn you
It doesn't matter if you want to die
But don't hold me back
Your item is too fake.
It's all rubbish, you're fucking courting death
Hey, hey, I'll really change this one for you.